hi guys it's Jamie and saying I'm going
to be doing a video and my favorite
drugstore products a lot of you can't
get mac or don't have one accessible to
you or what for whatever reason
department store products can be
expensive I just thought it'd be fun to
share with you what I love to buy from
drugstores and some of my favorite
things from there and these things
should be pretty accessible to most of
you I know some drug stores carry
specific things for certain regions and
stuff so just depends but most of these
things should be fairly accessible to
you guys so let's get started into some
of my favorite drugstore the first thing
will be the Sun silk summer spritz spray
know they do have a winter 12 I used it
up I hope they come out with it again
this winter and help prevent like static
cling and stuff and it smells really
good and this one was instant hydration
and protection for summertime it kind of
has that coconutty spell it's a few
dollars it's five sunsilk i just i love
these sprays so they have a winter and
summer one they're both great i highly
recommend them the winter ones great for
reducing static in your hair and just
kind of conditioning it and thus our
wine like it says it's great for
hydrating it and it's great for when you
want to have your girl kinda wavy and
just spray this ends its oil base it
just helps create a natural wave so this
is a great hair crowd either gray hair
product is the Tresemme heat tamer spray
as opposed to buying a chi Iron Guard
this one's mouth lot better it's much
cheaper and you has a nicer nozzle and
this will be at least my car daddy and I
hate the smell this is a great jump
drugstore product for a few dollars so
moving on from hair on the Evian spray
water if you don't have the mac fix+
this is another great alternative it
just sprays a fine mist of water it's by
yann yann you can find them in whole
boobs walgreens usually wherever this is
a great replacement for fixed class and
it's usually only you know three four
dollars that's great the drugstore
product you can find everywhere is witch
hazel I love this stuff you can use it
as a toner there's a million different
things you can use this for it gets rid
of redness it's an antiseptic it's just
a great product you to have your nails I
love this Sally Hansen instinct cuticle
remover there's a few dollars it's been
in one of my monthly favorites it really
does do what it says dissolves dry
cuticles 15 seconds you just put this on
push back your cuticles it works really
well it works better than this
disappearing a cuticle remover from the
body shop this was like this is a few
dollars and you know this is like seven
or eight so this is a great Duke for
this and it works a lot better nice
thing are these little buffers another
thing that we're in one of my monthly
favorite videos these are under a dollar
from sally beauty supply and they're
great for buffing out any cracks or
ridges that you have in your nails some
of them even have this polishing side so
you can like polish your nails I really
like that okay so next step I love mix
on this lip gloss and pink frost I think
it was like maybe four dollars and I got
this at all today usually carry next I
haven't seen it at my target or
Walgreens or anything I was only able to
find it at alta but it is very
reasonable this pink frost is a gorgeous
lip quads it's got a cute little bow on
the top of it and then I also love their
jumbo shading pencils these are like
three dollars apiece they come in all
different colors they've also appeared
in one of my favorite videos these are
great um drugstore by especially um to
replace like Mac Paint acts or shade
sticks you could get these instead and
they're like super all-time favorite um
drugstore products you have to be
LashBlast mascara and love this stuff
it's by covergirl it's amazing I think I
really like it because
is a little like one and they work
really well separating your lashes and
making them log and you don't have to
work with it which is really great so
this is probably my all-time favorite
out of all drugstore products would be
this mascara favorite drugstore product
would be burt's bees they have a great I
mean cuticle butter that is a good dupe
for lucious lemony flutter it looks like
this mine's almost all useless I just
like to take this in my pocket with me
at work and kind of rub it into my
cubicle throughout the day it really
works at moisturizing I really like them
it's a great do I also really like their
chapstick this is just the regular plain
old chap stick this one's really great
for summer it's SPF eight with passion
fruit so they do have like fruity ones
and then they also have like these
skinny ones that are colored those like
a wine color and a frosty pink I really
like the frosty pink they're actually
pretty nice they go on really smoothly
they are a little bit more sheer because
they are kind of like a chapstick
consistency but they are really pretty
colors and then another drug store lip
product I love I've been loving since
I've been a school stuff but just make
sure whoops feels silky smooth I love
this chance if you guys know I'm from my
skincare routine video if you guys saw
that I love cetaphil i use the lotion
and the face wash it these again at
drugstores and I just love this face
washes worked for me for years and i'll
never stop using probably waste like a
favor to the lash blast mascara and this
would be the Garnier skin renew antitype
off roller I love this stuff it's
amazing little metal balls cool when you
put it on it's got caffeine in it and it
just really helps with like puffiness
you have in your eyes in the morning so
I use this in the morning and I love
this stuff another little face care
product that I love to use that you can
get it most drugstores and they're
really fun to do and they are the you're
a little nose strips that you kind of
like put on your nose rip them off it
hurts but it gets rid of all the
blackheads I think they work I like I'm
like doing these every once in a while
probably once every two weeks or so I
don't do them too too often do i do like
to have min Han another drugstore
product that I love that everybody
probably knows about IM talked about a
lot on youtube and stuff and it's the
low cornell brushes if you really want
to get mac brushes but they're too
expensive or you just can't bring
yourself to pay that much for them I
think these are a great alternative I
use this um to apply my neck stick and
the ride because I didn't want to stain
my good brushes and it worked really
well i cleaned it too and it works
really good as like a concealer brush
for scott concealing it really applies
more of like an opaque layer than my mac
like one night before i think is the
number then my map concealing stick so
this is a really good drugstore by
actually you get these aircraft store
you get these at michaels i think this
one was like four or five dollars that's
pretty good deal vastly mixed favorite
thing and I've seen these all over the
place where all greens Sally's
everywhere primo she has our dowel fake
lashes I just three sets of them they're
really cheap three dollars a pair
usually I've got the black one times
I've got the beauties in black and then
I've got these demi Pixies so I love
these with fake questions are really
good they usually come with a glue or
glitter or something they're great deal
cheaper than buying department store
brands so there are those
are some of my favorite drugstore
products i hope you guys found this
helpful and if you guys enjoy it and I
will talk to Joe very soon bye